README.md, before:

# Preprocessing Unstructured Data for LLM Applications

## About

This repository contains

- [Course notes](#course-contents)
- [Assignments](#assignments)
- Additional resources (collected for better understanding of the concepts)

## Course Information

- Instructor: Matt Robinson (Head of Product, Unstructured)
- [Course Website](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/preprocessing-unstructured-data-for-llm-applications/)

## Course Contents

|#|     Lesson  |   Description   |
|-|-------------|-----------------|
|0|[Introduction](./notes/Lesson_0.md)|<ul><li>Learnings from this course</li></ul>|
|1|[Overview of LLM Data Preprocessing](./notes/Lesson_1.md)|<ul><li>Explains importance and challenges in building LLM applications that uses data from different sources with diverse range of file formats and structures.</li></ul>|
|2|[Normalizing the Content](./notes/Lesson_2.md)|<ul><li>Extract and normalize content from diverse range of document types.</li></ul>|
|3|[Metadata Extraction and Chunking](./notes/Lesson_3.md)|<ul><li>Enrich extracted content with metadata</li><li>Hybrid Search using metadata</li><li>Chunking using document elements</li></ul>|
|4|[Preprocessing PDFs and Images](./notes/Lesson_4.md)|<ul><li>**Document Image Analysis** techniques: (a) Document Layout Detection (b) Vision Transformers</li></ul>|
|5|[Extracting Tables](./notes/Lesson_5.md)|<ul><li>Extract tables from PDF documents and infer their structures</li></ul>|

## Assignments

  |Lesson|         Assignment        |   Description   |
  |-------|---------------------------|-----------------|
  |#2|[Normalizing the Content](./notes/Lesson_2.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract and normalize content from HTML, Powerpoint and PDF</li></ul>|
  |#3|[Metadata Extraction and Chunking](./notes/Lesson_3.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract metadata (chapter) on an e-book on Winter sports</li><li>Perform hybrid search using metadata as filter</li><li>Chunk contents based on `Title`</li></ul>|
  |#4|[Preprocessing PDFs and Images](./notes/Lesson_4.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Rule-based Document processing (HTML)</li><li>Document processing (PDF) by a) extracting text directly b) Document layout detection</li></ul>|
  |#5|[Extracting Tables](./notes/Lesson_5.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract tables from PDF document and infer their structures using yolox model</li></ul>|

## Related Courses

Please visit my [Github page](https://kaushikacharya.github.io/courses/#generative-ai--large-language-models-llm) for other Generative AI/ LLM courses.

Commit message:

Adding Lesson #6: Build Your Own RAG Bot

README.md, after:

# Preprocessing Unstructured Data for LLM Applications

## About

This repository contains

- [Course notes](#course-contents)
- [Assignments](#assignments)
- Additional resources (collected for better understanding of the concepts)

## Course Information

- Instructor: Matt Robinson (Head of Product, Unstructured)
- [Course Website](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/preprocessing-unstructured-data-for-llm-applications/)

## Course Contents

|#|     Lesson  |   Description   |
|-|-------------|-----------------|
|0|[Introduction](./notes/Lesson_0.md)|<ul><li>Learnings from this course</li></ul>|
|1|[Overview of LLM Data Preprocessing](./notes/Lesson_1.md)|<ul><li>Explains importance and challenges in building LLM applications that uses data from different sources with diverse range of file formats and structures.</li></ul>|
|2|[Normalizing the Content](./notes/Lesson_2.md)|<ul><li>Extract and normalize content from diverse range of document types.</li></ul>|
|3|[Metadata Extraction and Chunking](./notes/Lesson_3.md)|<ul><li>Enrich extracted content with metadata</li><li>Hybrid Search using metadata</li><li>Chunking using document elements</li></ul>|
|4|[Preprocessing PDFs and Images](./notes/Lesson_4.md)|<ul><li>**Document Image Analysis** techniques: (a) Document Layout Detection (b) Vision Transformers</li></ul>|
|5|[Extracting Tables](./notes/Lesson_5.md)|<ul><li>Extract tables from PDF documents and infer their structures</li></ul>|
|6|[Build Your Own RAG Bot](./notes/Lesson_6.md)|<ul><li>Build RAG bot on documents that include PDF, PPT and markdown</li></ul>|
|7|[Conclusion](./notes/Lesson_7.md)|<ul><li>Learnings from the course</li></ul>|

## Assignments

  |Lesson|         Assignment        |   Description   |
  |-------|---------------------------|-----------------|
  |#2|[Normalizing the Content](./notes/Lesson_2.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract and normalize content from HTML, Powerpoint and PDF</li></ul>|
  |#3|[Metadata Extraction and Chunking](./notes/Lesson_3.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract metadata (chapter) on an e-book on Winter sports</li><li>Perform hybrid search using metadata as filter</li><li>Chunk contents based on `Title`</li></ul>|
  |#4|[Preprocessing PDFs and Images](./notes/Lesson_4.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Rule-based Document processing (HTML)</li><li>Document processing (PDF) by a) extracting text directly b) Document layout detection</li></ul>|
  |#5|[Extracting Tables](./notes/Lesson_5.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Extract tables from PDF document and infer their structures using `yolox` model</li></ul>|
  |#6|[Build Your Own RAG Bot](./notes/Lesson_6.md#notebook)|<ul><li>Build RAG bot on multi-modal data (PDF, PPT, Markdown)</li><li>Filter headers and references elements from DoNUT paper (PDF)</li><li>Utilize LangChain's Question Answer with Sources chain</li></ul>|

## Related Courses

Please visit my [Github page](https://kaushikacharya.github.io/courses/#generative-ai--large-language-models-llm) for other Generative AI/ LLM courses.
